https://nigerianscholars.com/past-questions/english-language/page/167/
Farming is the most important aspect of agriculture that has attracted attention within the last few years. Agriculture has several other aspects like fishery, livestock and poultry. All these are also important in that they have to do with the production of food items which human beings consume for survival.

In many parts of world today, farming has been regarded as the mainstay of the economy. Crops such as cocoa, rubber and cotton have been produced in such commercial quantity that they are sold to other countries. Some countries have a better comparative advantage in producing certain farm crops than other countries. In these other countries, there is the need to spend a lot of money on agriculture, particularly farming. Most farmers use outmoded tools. A lot of them have no place to store their crops, most of which are always destroyed by insects and pests before harvest time. All these have adverse effects on their productivity.

The government can do a lot to help farmers. Farmers’ co-operative societies can be encouraged and loans can be made available to farmers through government institutions, like banks and finance corporations. Farmers can be taught how to build good storage structures for their produce. All these and a lot more can help to improve the condition of farming in these countries.

The most important aspect of agriculture mentioned in the passage is
A)poultry
B)fishery
C)livestock
==D)farming== ✅

Farming in many countries today is

A)an alternative to poultry
==B)of great assistance to the economy==✅
C)for those who are out of jobs
D)for the illiterates

Some countries produce more and better crops than others because the farmers in the former
Options
A)are more educated
B)have greater manpower
==C)have more modern equipment==✅
D)have more fertile land

In order to help improve the state of farming, the government should
Options
A)give all farmers enough money to work with
B)sell enoughfertilizer to all farmers
==C)find ways of financing and modernizing the farming syster==✅
D)help farmers with the storage of their crops

A lot crop harvested are wasted because farmers
Options
A)allow insects and pests to destroy their crops
B)do not have enough money to invest in harvesters
==C)do not have good storage facitilities==✅
D)harvest too much at a time
