The disease afflicting Western societies have undergone dramatic changes. In the course of a century, so many mass killers have vanished that two-third of all deaths are now associated with the disease of old age. Those who die young are more often than not, the victims of accidents, violence and suicide.

These changes in public health are generally equated with progress and attributed to more or better medical care. In fact there is no evidence of any direct relationship between changing disease pattern and the so-called progress of medicine.

The impotence of medical services to change life expectancy and the insignificance of much contemporary clinical care in the curing of diseases are all obvious, well documented but well suppressed.

Neither the proportion of doctors in a population nor the quality of the clinical tools at the disposal not the number of hospital beds is a casual factor in the striking changes in disease patterns. The new techniques available to recognize and treat such conditions as pernicious anaemia and hypertension, or correct congenital malformations by surgical interventions, increase our understanding of disease but do not reduce its incidence. The fact that there are more doctors where certain diseases have become rare has little to do with their ability to control or eliminate them. It simply means that doctors, more than other professionals, determine where they work. Consequently, they tend to gather where the climate is healthy, where the water is clean and where people work and can pay for their services.

The author’s attitude to developments in medicine is
Options
A)Matter-of-fact
B)Cautious
C)Indifferent<
<mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">D)cynical</mark>

The statement, ‘The diseases afflicting Western societies have undergone dramatic change, implies that
Options
A)Change have taken place in the mode of diseases affliction
B)Medical services have been important in changing life expectancy
C)A lot of significant progress has taken place in public health
<mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">D)Death from diseases in western societies are minimal</mark>

The writer is of the view that the diseases which prevail in the contemporary Western societies
Options
<mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">A)Result from modern life styles</mark>
B)Are concentrated among the elderly
C)Kill many people at once
D)Are resistant to drug

The author thinks that the presence of a large number of doctors in a community
Options
<mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">A)Does not have much effect on the control of diseases</mark>
B)Disguise the true fact about the diseases
C)Controls the spread of diseases
D)Improves the overall quality of life in the community

Many doctors, according to the passage , choose to live where
Options
A)Research facilities are available
B)They are most needed
C)They can be near colleagues
<mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">D)Conditions are more in their favour</mark>