## Discrete Structures / Discrete Mathematics

Discrete objects are objects that a different and distinct from each other.  

- Mathematical Logic
	- Logic
		 - Axiomatic Concepts
	- Propositions
	- Compound Propositions
	- Logical Connections 
	- Propositional Equivalence
- Predicate Logic 
- Set Theory
- Graphs & Trees
- Relations
- Functions

### Logic
The foundations of logic mimic our intuitions by down 

Axiomatic concepts in mathematics:
- Equals
- Oppposite
- Truth and Falseshood
- Statement
- Objects
- Collections

Propositions
TO avoid painful head-aches, we ban silly non-sense and avoid the most general type of statemts limiting ourselves to statements with valid truth-values instead:

Types of propositions:
- Atomic Propositions; It is made up of singe statements
- Compound Propositions; It is made up of two or more atomic proposition using logical connectives or logical operators 

A propositions is a statement that is true or false but cannot be both. 
T
propositional logic is a static discipline of statement which lack semantic content. 


Logic is used to establish the validity of arguments

### Logical Connectives;
Operator | Symbol | Usage | Sign
-|-|-|-
Negation | ¬ | not |!
Conjunction | ∧ | and | &&
Disjunction | V | or | "||"
Exclusive OR | ⊕  | xor | (p||q) && (!p||!q)
Conditional | -> | if then | ==P -> Q =  ¬ P V Q==
Biconditional | <-> | If and only if iff | (p&&q) ||(!p&& !q)∧

#### Negation
All students are intelligent, it is an atomic proposition since there is no connectives. 
Its negation is ==Not all students are intelligent. ==

### Conjunction
Two preposition can be combined using conjunctions. 

But is AND
p and q will be true **only** when p and q are true

p: The lecturer is in class 
q: The students are in the hostel
P | Q | P ∧ Q
-|-|-
T| T | T
T | F | F
F | T | F
F | F | F
The lecturer is in the class and the student are in the hostel.
The lecturer is in the class but the student are in the hostel.

### Disjunction/OR
Applicants for the post of computer programmer must be over twenty years or Have at least three years relevant experience

p:  Must be over twenty years
q: Have three years relevant experience
For  inclusive p and q will be true when either or both are true
For exclusive p and q will be true when either one is true

inclusive and exclusive disjunction

V - inclusive disjunction

⊻ - exclusive disjunction, which is the same as xor they have the same truth table


P | Q | P ⊻   Q
-|-|-
T| T | F 
T | F | T 
F | T | T
F | F | F



P | Q | P -> Q
-|-|-
T| T | T 
T | F | F 
F | T | T
F | F | T
 ⊕
P | Q | P <-> Q
-|-|-
T| T | T
T | F | F
F | T | F
F | F | T

P | Q | P ⊕ Q
-|-|-
T| T | F
T | F | T
F | T | T
F | F | F



 The truth value is the truth(T) or falsity (F) of a proposition.
 A truth table is a table that summarizes the truth value of a proposition. 



Propositions are conventionally symbolized using letters. Such as p,q,r
e.g r : The rose is white