Names of Hell:
- al-Jahim: its blazing fire
- Jahannam: because of the depth of its pit
- al-Laza: because of its flames
- al-Sa'ir: because it is kindled and ignitied
- Saqar: Because of its intensity
- al-Hutamah:(broken pieces) because it breaks and crushed everything
- al-Hawiyyah:(chasm) because one who is thrown into 
The name of the chief angel guarding over Hell is Malik, as mentioned in the Quran:

ITS FUEL Stones and stubborn unbelievers make the fuel of Hell

THE CLOTHING OF ITS INHABITANTS Allah tells us that the dress of the people of Hell will be garments of fire tailored

In other passages, Allah describes the tree of zaqqum, a special food of Hell. Zaqqum is a repulsive tree, its roots go deep into the bottom of Hell, its branches stretching all over. Its ugly fruit is like the heads of the devil

The types of drink people of Hell will get to drink are as follows:
1- Extremely hot water
2- Flowing puss from the flesh and skin of an unbeliever
3- A drink like boiling oil

"The person who will receive the least punishment among the people of Hell on the Day Resurrection will be a man, a smoldering ember will be placed under the arch of his foot. His brains will boil because of it

Allah Almighty described the polytheists with being unclean. This means that they adopt impure
belief, which is polytheism. 

There are three types of purification:
1. Purification of bodily organs from sins and disobedience
2. Purification From filth
3. Purification from ritual impurity
	1. Major Impurity: Requires Ghusl
	2. Minor Impurity: Wudhoo

Najasah means defilement, including bodily, material and discernible impurities.

The three Faraa'ids (compulsory acts) of Ghusl are:
1. To rinse the mouth in such a manner that water reaches the entire mouth.
2. To rinse the nostrils up to the ending of the fleshy part.
3. To completely wet the whole body. When one performs these Faraa'id intentionally or unintentionally Ghusl
will be valid.

The causes that make ghusl compulsory are:
1. The emission of semen
2. Contact between the genitals
3. Menstruation and nifaas (post-natal bleeding)
4. Death
 
 Types of impurities:
 1. Al-Maita (Carrion) – It means an animal or bird that has died in any way other than the Islamic manner of slaughter. It also includes anything that is cut or torn from the limbs of a live animal.
2. The Hide – It is impure unless it is tanned. 
3. Blood 
4. The Swine, living or dead, and what is begotten of it. The flesh of swine is forbidden.
5. The Dog  
6. Al-Khamr  
7. Urine and Excrement- 

‘Ar-Rahman signifies Allah, the Glorified's, attribute, while ‘Ar-Raheem’ signifies its relation with the object of mercy.

