*Some questions can have different answers to them.*
1. Abuja
2. Upper Volta
3. Corruption/self-interest in politics
4. Traditional/tribal governance
5. Divide and rule, military force, economic exploitation
6. Liberia, Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast
7. High GDP, advanced infrastructure, high living standards
8. Ernest Shonekan
9. Death penalty as deterrent to commiting crimes
10. Liberia, Sierra Leone
11. Citizenship by marriage 
12. Capital Punishment, Moral Preaches, Provision of decent wages
13. Military Rule, Emergency Rule, Curfew, Forceful Conscription into Military, Non-justicability of socio-economic rights 
14. Peacekeeping is post-conflict while mediation happens when the conflict is still ongoing
15. 1975
16. Femi Otedola, Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Davido, Naira Marley
17. 54 African nations
18. Forcing people into military service
19. Resource, ethnic, religious, political  
20. 1979
21. Trust & Both parties have to realize that bring the conflict to an end is in the best of their interest
22. Second
23. Policies focused on development of the country 
24. Nigeria, Ghana, Senegal, Ivory Coast
25. Employment, tertiary education, political representation
26. Holding citizenship of two countries
27. Corrupt politicians can use stolen funds to create industries which hires large number of people
28. Intermarriage, inter-communal sports festival, invitation to cultural festivals
29. South Sudan
30. Diplomacy and peacekeeping
31. Abaji, Abuja Municipal, Bwari, Gwagwalada, Kuje, Kwali
32. Late 19th century 1861
33. 2002
34. Occurs after the conflict ends
35. Plateau, Niger, Kogi, Benue